---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 98 Day 5: A New Command"
date: 2019-12-6 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk98-day5-daily.html
weekNum: 98
dayNum: 5
language: English
---

### Question     
What is the new command from God?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ If anyone obeys His word, love for God is truly made complete in them. 

+ Darkness is passing and the true light is already shining. Anyone who claims to be in the light but hates a brother or sister is still in the darkness. 

+ For everything in the world-the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life-comes not from the Father but from the world. The world and its desires pass away, but whoever does the will of God lives forever. 

+ No one who denies the Son has the Father; whoever acknowledges the Son has the Father also. 
+ This is what He promised us-eternal life. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - To know God is to keep His commands, to Love God, not the world. How much do I know God? Am I hungry for more knowledge of Him? 

+ **Community** - Anyone who loves their brother and sister lives in the light, and there is nothing in them to make them stumble. But anyone who hates a brother or sister is in the darkness and walks around in the darkness. Do I have any opinion toward a brother or sister? Let me ask the Lord for forgiveness. 

+ **Integrity** - We need to abstain from the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life. Because they come from the world which passes away. As part of Satan's plan, what is the greatest temptation to me? 
