---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 34 Day 6: East of Jordan"
date: 2020-8-29 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk34-day6-daily.html
weekNum: 34
dayNum: 6
language: English
cycle: 2020
---
### Question     
How God had Joshua divide the lands to the tribes of Israel?
{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Chapters 13 to 21 document how the land of Canaan was divided among the Israelites. The realization of God's promises to Abraham and his descendants. 

+ God had Joshua divide the lands that are yet to be conquered (eventually conquered by David, 2 Samuel 5, 8). 

+ The lands to the east of Jordan River were divided up to the Reubenites, the Gadites and the half-tribe of Manasseh, according to Moses' command. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - The Reubenites, the Gadites and the half-tribe of Manasseh stayed in the east of the Jordan River, did not go into the promised land. Do I label myself a Christian but fall for the worldly desires and temptations instead of the land God had promised me? Pray and ask God for mercy and help. 

+ **Fidelity** - Some of the lands God had Joshua distribute to the Israelites were yet to be conquered. From God's point of view, His promises will be accomplished. Yet, we often don't follow through with His commands because of our weaknesses. God does not tolerate our compromises. God never changes. He knows our needs and stands ready to help us. In the journey of my missional life, what help do I need from God today? Pray and ask God to lead me. 
