---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 101 Day 1: God's Name Slandered"
date: 2019-12-23 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk101-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 101
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Foreword     
We will soon complete the reading of the last Book in Bible, the Book of Revelation. God's sovereignty is fully displayed through opening the seals. God is behind all seemingly incidental events in history. God's word is true and alive and above our own will. In the ever-flowing river of time, eternal peace is found by following God. We need to rely on God to face challenges of times as He has full control of history. In fact, there's nothing God does not control and only by obeying His commands may we live out our lives meaningfully.

May you all be renewed in God's word each day!

### Question     
How did the beast mislead the people?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ John saw a beast coming out of the sea. It had ten horns and seven heads. The whole world followed the beast and worshiped the dragon. 

+ The beast slandered God's name and waged war against God's holy people to conquer them. And it was given authority over every tribe, people, language, and nation. 

+ A second beast came out of the earth, exercised all the authority of the first beast on its behalf, and made the earth and its inhabitants worship the first beast. 

+ It forced all people to receive a mark. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - If anyone is to go into captivity, into captivity they will go. If anyone is to be killed with the sword, with the sword they will be killed. This calls for patient endurance and faithfulness on the part of God's people. This verse places God's righteousness above His promise. How does it encourage me to be patient? 
