---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 101 Day 6: The Final War"
date: 2019-12-28 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk101-day6-daily.html
weekNum: 101
dayNum: 6
language: English
---

### Question     
Who were the opponents in the war in the last days?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The rider of the white horse, with justice he judges and wages war. 

+ On his head were many crowns. He was dressed in a robe dipped in blood, and his name was the Word of God. On his robe and on his thigh he had this name written: KING OF KINGS AND LORD OF LORDS. 

+ An angel standing in the sun, cried in a loud voice to all the birds flying in midair, "Come, gather together for the great supper of God!" 

+ An angel coming down out of heaven, having the key to the Abyss and holding in his hand a great chain. He seized the dragon, that ancient serpent, who is the devil, or Satan, and bound him for a thousand years. 

+ After the thousand years were ended, he must be set free for a short time. 

+ The souls of those who had been beheaded because of their testimony about Jesus and because of the word of God and those who had not worshiped the beast or its image. They came to life and reigned with Christ a thousand years. 

+ When the thousand years are over, Satan will be released from his prison and will go out to deceive the nations in the four corners of the earth. 

+ All were judged by Him who sat on the great white throne. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - The dead, great and small, standing before the throne, were judged according to what they had done. What does this mean to me as a Christian? What does it mean to my life as of today? 
