---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 101 Day 3: The Seven Bowls"
date: 2019-12-25 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk101-day3-daily.html
weekNum: 101
dayNum: 3
language: English
---

### Question     
What were the seven plagues?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Another great and marvelous sign in heaven: seven angels with the seven last plagues. 

+ Standing beside a glassy sea glowing with fire were those who had been victorious over the beast. They sang the song of God's servant Moses and of the Lamb. 

+ Out of the temple came the seven angels with the seven plagues. They poured out the seven bowls of God's wrath on the earth. 

+ The first angel went and poured out his bowl on the land, and ugly, festering sores broke out on the people who had the mark of the beast and worshiped its image. 

+ The second angel poured out his bowl on the sea, and it turned into blood like that of a dead person, and every living thing in the sea died. 

+ The third angel poured out his bowl on the rivers and springs of water, and they became blood. 

+ The fourth angel poured out his bowl on the sun, and the sun was allowed to scorch people with fire. 

+ The fifth angel poured out his bowl on the throne of the beast, and its kingdom was plunged into darkness. 

+ The sixth angel poured out his bowl on the great river Euphrates, and its water was dried up to prepare the way for the kings from the East. 

+ The seventh angel poured out his bowl into the air. Then there came flashes of lightning, rumblings, peals of thunder and a severe earthquake. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - There were finally those who had been victorious over the beast and its image and over the number of its name sang the song of the Lamb. How is this helping me to set my sight and goal on what is to come? 

