---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 100 Day 2: Six Seals Opened"
date: 2019-12-17 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk100-day2-daily.html
weekNum: 100
dayNum: 2
language: English
---

### Question     
What was it like when the lamb opened the first six seals?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The Lamb opened the first of the seven seals. John saw a white horse. Its rider held a bow, and he was given a crown. 

+ When the Lamb opened the second seal, another horse came out, a fiery red one. Its rider was given power to take peace from the earth. 

+ When the Lamb opened the third seal, there was a black horse. Its rider was holding a pair of scales in his hand. 

+ When the Lamb opened the fourth seal, there was a pale horse. Its rider was named Death. 

+ When he opened the fifth seal, under the altar were the souls of those who had been slain because of the word of God and the testimony they had maintained. They called out for justice and avenge. 

+ As he opened the sixth seal. There was a great earthquake. The sun turned black like sackcloth made of goat hair, the whole moon turned blood red, and the stars in the sky fell to earth. 

+ Those on earth, hid in caves and among the rocks of the mountains. They try to hide from the face of him who sits on the throne and from the wrath of the Lamb! 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - The souls of the martyred were given white robes and comforted. We might have to endure sufferings and persecutions while serving Him, but God Himself would comfort us. How does this truth encourage me? 
