---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 100 Day 6: War against Evil"
date: 2019-12-21 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk100-day6-daily.html
weekNum: 100
dayNum: 6
language: English
---

### Question     
What happened after the seventh trumpet sounded?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ A great sign appeared in heaven: a woman clothed with the sun, with the moon under her feet and a crown of twelve stars on her head. She was pregnant and cried out in pain as she was about to give birth. 

+ Another sign appeared in heaven: an enormous red dragon with seven heads and ten horns and seven crowns on its heads. Its tail swept a third of the stars out of the sky and flung them to the earth. 

+ The dragon stood in front of the woman who was about to give birth, so that it might devour her child the moment he was born. 

+ War broke out in heaven. Michael and his angels fought against the dragon, and the dragon and his angels fought back. But he was not strong enough, and they lost their place in heaven. 

+ The great dragon was hurled down and he pursued the woman who had given birth to the male child. 

+ The woman was given the two wings of a great eagle, so that she might fly to the place prepared for her in the wilderness, out of the serpent's reach. 

+ Then the dragon was enraged at the woman and went off to wage war against the rest of her offspring. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - In John's vision, the evil dragon fought against those who obeyed God's command and testified for Jesus. The war we are fighting nowadays is a spiritual one, not just in flesh and blood. How may I fight in such a war?
