---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 100 Day 1: In Constant Praising"
date: 2019-12-16 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk100-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 100
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Foreword     
We continue to read the last book of Bible, The Book of Revelation, in the one hundredth week of reading together. 

We did not know if we were able to persevere at the beginning of the reading plan two years ago. Looking back now, however, we can see God's grace in each step of the way. This Journey of Humility is truly a journey of a thousand mile in the spiritual life. If you have ever doubted or wondered, then doubt and wonder no more, for today is the day to start! It takes just a single step to start the journey of a thousand mile. Let's experience this journey together!

May you all be renewed in God's word every day!

### Question     
What was the praising scene like in heaven?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ A door standing open in heaven, John was in the Spirit, and there before him was a throne in heaven with someone sitting on it. 

+ Four living creatures had six wings and was covered with eyes all around, even under its wings. Day and night they never stop saying: "Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty, who was, and is, and is to come." 

+ In the right hand of him who sat on the throne a scroll with writing on both sides and sealed with seven seals. 

+ The Lion of the tribe of Judah, the Root of David, has triumphed. He is able to open the scroll and its seven seals. 

+ A Lamb standing at the center of the throne, encircled by the four living creatures and the elders. 

+ Many angels encircled the throne and the living creatures and the elders. In a loud voice they were saying: "Worthy is the Lamb, who was slain, to receive power and wealth and wisdom and strength and honor and glory and praise!" 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - Every creature in heaven and on earth and under the earth and on the sea, and all that is in them, are praising Jesus Christ. How would the coming of this day change my perspective on all things around me? 
