---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 31 Day 6: Just and Righteous"
date: 2020-8-8 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk31-day6-daily.html
weekNum: 31
dayNum: 6
language: English
cycle: 2020
---
### Question     
What did Moses say about appointing judges and setting a King? What prophets God promised through Moses would raise up?
{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ 16:18-20 and 17:8-13 talks about priests and judges. Judges must judge fairly, must not pervert justice or show partiality, must not accept bribe. One shall act according to the decision and instruction given by the judge and priest. 

+ 16:21-17:7 and 18:9-13 commands to not set up idols, to not offer sheep with defect or flaw, to punish those who worship idols, and to not imitate the detestable ways of the other nations. 

+ 17:14-20 talks about God's permission to appoint a King. Notice that King Solomon violated these regulations in his later years. 

+ 18:1-8 talks about what should the Levites live on with no inheritance of their own. 

+ 18:10-22 is about God's promise that points to Jesus Christ: "I will raise up for them a prophet like you from among their fellow Israelites, and I will put my words in his mouth. He will tell them everything I command him. I myself will call to account anyone who does not listen to my words that the prophet speaks in my name." 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - Jesus is the prophet God promised. God will call to account anyone who does not accept His salvation. Anyone who accepts Jesus must obey His teaching. Examine my own attitude toward Jesus' teaching and turn to Him through prayers. 

+ **Integrity** - God again put emphasis on punishing those who worship idols. We have too many idols in the world today to displace God. Looking in my own life, am I still being bond by my job, my status, my family, my properties, and entertainments and view them as source of joy instead of God? 
