---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 31 Day 4: Avert from Snare"
date: 2020-8-6 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk31-day4-daily.html
weekNum: 31
dayNum: 4
language: English
cycle: 2020
---
### Question     
What did Moses say about the place of worship, Idols, meat, blood, and the Levites? What did he say about how to deal with those who seduce the Israelites to worship other gods?
{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Chapters 12-16 are the detailed records of the requirements, decrees, and laws outside of the commands. Although much of the content has been recorded in Exodus, Leviticus, and Numbers, what recorded here is not simply a repeat of the same but targeted toward the specific situation in the land of Canaan. 

+ Moses commanded the Israelites to destroy completely the places where Canaanites worshiped their gods, break down their altars, smash their sacred stones, burn and cut down their idols. He ordered them to worship at places where God would choose for each tribe, eat in presence of God the meat offered to God, must not eat blood at anywhere, but other meats at any place. They must share with the Levites for whom did not inherit any land. "Be careful not to neglect the Levites as long as you live in your land." Do not worship as the Canaanites. "Be careful not to be ensnared by inquiring about their gods." "If a prophet, or one who foretells by dreams, appears among you and announces to you a sign or wonder, and if the sign or wonder spoken of takes place, and the prophet says, "Let us follow other gods" (gods you have not known) "and let us worship them," you must not listen to the words of that prophet or dreamer." "That prophet or dreamer must be put to death for inciting rebellion against the Lord your God." They must not follow the Canaanites when mourning for the dead. "Do not cut yourselves or shave the front of your heads for the dead, for you are a people holy to the Lord your God." 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - "How do these nations serve their gods? We will do the same." (12:30) Our environment influences us greatly. If we let our curiosity muddle us, we would then stray unknowingly away from God. Do I have any unrighteous thoughts that's popular today?  

+ **Community** - Although there's no longer Levites, is there any fellow Christian who serves our Lord in need of material help from me? Can I help anyone around me materially? 
