---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 97 Day 1: Jesus is Resurrection"
date: 2019-11-25 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk97-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 97
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Foreword     
We continue to read the Gospel of John. When the world was created, God's spirit was hovering over the water, darkness was over the surface of the deep. By His word, all things were made and order was form from chaos. When the world has fallen, Jesus took food in doing the will of the one who sent Him and to finish His work, and through His death, the savior saves mankind from their sin. Through the Word that became flesh, the Holy Spirit came into the fallen world and brings hope to mankind so they may look up joyously to the Creator, to give glory to the Father, Son, and the Holy Spirit.

May you all be renewed in His word every day!

### Question     
Why did Jesus wait two days before seeing Lazarus?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ A man named Lazarus was sick. He was from Bethany. 

+ When he heard this, Jesus said, "This sickness will not end in death. No, it is for God's glory so that God's Son may be glorified through it." 

+ Jesus went to Lazarus. He knew he was dead and had already been in the tomb for four days. 

+ Jesus said, "I am the resurrection and the life. The one who believes in me will live, even though they die." 

+ When Jesus saw the Jews were weeping, he was deeply moved in spirit and troubled. Jesus wept. 

+ Jesus said, "If you believe, you will see the glory of God." 

+ Jesus looked up, prayed, and called in a loud voice, "Lazarus, come out!" The dead man came out. 

+ The Pharisees plotted to kill Jesus ever since. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Fidelity** -Martha and Mary asked Jesus to help. They both said the same thing, "Lord, if you had been here, my brother would not have died." However, Jesus replied to them in two different ways. Why? How does Jesus remind me when caring for others? 
