---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 28 Day 1: Protest and Complaint"
date: 2020-7-13 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk28-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 28
dayNum: 1
language: English
cycle: 2020
---

### Question     
How did God look after His faithful servant when people complained and talked against Him?
{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Israelites started their complaints again just three days out of Sinai. This angered God and burned some of them until Moses prayed for them. 

+ God was angered again when Israelites craved for other food. Moses pleaded to God. God brought up people to help Moses and sent plague to the Israelites to cut off the greedy. 

+ Aaron and Mariam talked against Moses due to their jealousy. The Lord came down to fault them. Miriam contracted leprosy had to leave camp for 7 days. Aaron atoned and pleaded for Miriam immediately. 

+ God values His faithful servant. God strengthens him when he is tired, avenges for him when he is wronged. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - Like they were at the foothill of Mount Sinai, the Israelites complained just three days out of Sinai. There are always ups and downs in our spiritual lives. How does the lesson for Israelites help me? 

+ **Community** - Aaron atoned and pleaded for Miriam. Moses did so for Aaron and Miriam, too. Am I willing to forgive others? Am I willing to pray for them? 

+ **Integrity** - Bible said the rabble craved other foods. Am I a rabble in my spiritual life? Do the medias influence my thoughts? Can I turn to God's word to block out the bad influences? 

+ **Integrity** - It is not a display of lack of faith when Moses was tired and prayed to God. God helped him and avenged for him. Am I being wronged by others? Do not worry, pray and let God be the judge. 
