---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 28 Day 3: Faithfulness and Blessings"
date: 2020-7-15 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk28-day3-daily.html
weekNum: 28
dayNum: 3
language: English
cycle: 2020
---
### Question     
How did God display His faithfulness and blessings after He struck down on the Israelites?
{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Right after God struck down on the Israelites in chapter 14, He gave Moses the regulations on offerings when they went into the promised land. It can be seen clearly here that God was faithful to His covenant with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. 

+ Anyone, whether an individual or a community, must atone with offerings when sinned unintentionally then God would forgive. However, anyone, an individual or the community, would be punished when sinned with intention. Both the rebellious Israelites in the prior chapter and the Sabbath breakers in this chapter were intentional sinners. 

+ Israelite community and the foreigners residing among them all need to worship God, make the same offerings, and receive the same blessings or punishments. God is the God for all people. 

+ God commanded Israelites to put tassels on their garments to remember God's commands. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - God treats intentional sins different from unintentional ones. God sees the Gentiles the same as the Jews. What do I learn from this truth about God's sovereignty and attributes? How does it remind me and encourage me? 

+ **Integrity** - God put tassels on the Israelites' garments to remind them His commands and not to follow their own sinful wills. Is there anything I can use to remind myself of God's word and stay away from the worldly filth? 
