---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 30 Day 4: Pushing up North"
date: 2020-7-30 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk30-day4-daily.html
weekNum: 30
dayNum: 4
language: English
cycle: 2020
---
### Question     
How did Moses summarize the way Israelites complete their wandering in the wilderness and the final push up north?
{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ All the men died 38 years after they refused to enter the land of Canaan due to fear. Now, Israelites obeyed God's command and pushed northward. They entered the land of Edomites, Moabites, and Ammonites peacefully. However, they battled Sihon king of Heshbon when they went through the land as God began to put terror and fear of the Israelites on all nations under heaven. (Deu. 2:25) 

+ Moses asked God to let him cross the Jordan river but God did not let him. God did, however, let him to go up to mount Pisgah to see the promised land.  

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - Forty years the Lord your God has been with you, and you have not lacked anything. We are often burdened by unimportant things and unable to enter God's rest even though we lack nothing. Can I let God take the burden off my shoulder? 

+ **Community** - Moses encouraged Joshua: Do not be afraid of them; the Lord your God himself will fight for you (Deu. 3:22) Is there someone I can give encouragement to? 

+ **Community** - Those two and half tribes gotten their lands before entering the promised land helped the rest of the people enter the promised land before settling on their one land. Have I thought about sharing what I have while indulging in God's blessings? 
