---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 102 Day 1: New Heaven Earth"
date: 2019-12-30 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk102-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 102
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Foreword     
We are coming to the completion of our Two Year Bible Reading Plan this week. Let's give thanks to the Lord! And, congratulations to all who have done the reading! Next year, we will start again on January 6th a new Two Year Bible Reading Plan. In the new plan, we will include a short video introduction at beginning of each book. These concise and yet informative introductions will help us to have a better understanding of the Bible as a whole. We will continue to include the reading guide and spiritual sharing to help us apply our daily reading to our life and make the Bible truly the lamp to our feet and light to our path.

May you all be renewed in God's word every day!

### Question     
How the new heaven and new earth are like?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Then I saw a new heaven and a new earth, the Holy City, the new Jerusalem, coming down out of heaven from God. 

+ God's dwelling place is now among the people! He will wipe every tear from their eyes. There will be no more death. 

+ To the thirsty I will give water without cost from the spring of the water of life. 

+ Angel showed John the Holy City, Jerusalem, coming down out of heaven from God. It shone with the glory of God. 

+ The twelve gates were twelve pearls, the great street of the city was of gold, Lord God Almighty and the Lamb are its temple. 

+ Down the middle of the great street of the city was the river of the water of life. On each side of the river stood the tree of life, the leaves of the tree are for the healing of the nations. 

+ There will be no more night, for the Lord God will give them light and they will reign for ever and ever. 

+ These words are trustworthy and true. Blessed is the one who keeps the words of the prophecy written in this scroll. 

+ Do not seal up the words of the prophecy of this scroll, because the time is near. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - God's dwelling place is now among the people. He will wipe every tear from their eyes. There will be no more death or mourning or crying or pain! These are the promises God gave us and the basis of our joy, hope, and praises! How am I being encouraged each day by His promises? 
