---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 10 Day 1: Be Born Again"
date: 2020-3-9 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk10-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 10
dayNum: 1
language: English
cycle: 2020
---

### Question     
How may one have an eternal life?
{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Jesus saw people selling in the temple courts, so He made a whip out of cords, and drove all from the temple courts. 

+ Jews asked Jesus to show signs and He responded: "Destroy this temple, and I will raise it again in three days." 

+ Nicodemus came to Jesus at night. Jesus told him that no one can see the kingdom of God unless they are born again. 

+ For God so loved the world that he gave His one and only Son, that whoever believes in Him shall not perish but have eternal life. 

+ Light has come into the world, but people loved darkness instead of light because their deeds were evil. 
+ Jesus and His disci
t out into the Judean countryside, where He spent some time with them, and baptized. John also was baptizing at Aenon near Salim. John said, He must become greater; I must become less. 

+ Whoever believes in the Son has eternal life, but whoever rejects the Son will not see life, for God's wrath remains on them. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - Light has come into the world, but people loved darkness instead of light because their deeds were evil, and will not come into the light for fear that their deeds will be exposed. But whoever lives by the truth comes into the light, so that it may be seen plainly that what they have done were done in the sight of God. Do I remember that everything I do shall be done in the light so I would act according to the truth and not hide in the dark? 
