---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 33 Day 2: Moses' Final Words"
date: 2020-8-18 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk33-day2-daily.html
weekNum: 33
dayNum: 2
language: English
cycle: 2020
---

### Question     
What were Moses' final words to Joshua, the priest, the Levites, and the elders? What did God say to Moses and Joshua?
{% include BibleLinks2020.html %}

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Moses could not enter the promised land because God did not allow him and he was old. However, God brought up Joshua to lead the Israelites to cross the Jordan river, to go into the land of Canaan, to destroy the nations on that land. Moses encouraged Joshua in front of all Israel that God will be with him. 

+ Moses commanded the Levitical priests and elders to read to all Israel the law every seventh year, the year of cancelling debts, so they can learn to fear God. 

+ God said to Moses and Joshua that the people will forsake Him and break the covenant. He told Moses to write down a song "so that it may be a witness for me against them." 

+ Moses finished writing the words of the Book of the Law and placed it beside the ark of covenant as a witness against Israel. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - Moses passed on to Joshua the duty of leading the people to war and to go into the land of Canaan. The burden laid upon Joshua seemed to be unbearably heavy from man's point of view. However, like the faith he had when first scouted in the land of Canaan, Joshua had complete faith that God will fight for Israel. What prevents me from accepting God's calling? Pray to God to strengthen my faith in Him. 
