---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 96 Day 1: Spirit and Truth"
date: 2019-11-18 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk96-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 96
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Foreword     
We continue to read the Gospel of John this week. This book starts with God's word and His love to us through the word that became flesh. God intends to communicate to us not just through an imaginary concept but in a way that we can comprehend. God gave us something intangible, no longer hidden, to show that He would be with us and live in this world with us. He gave us His word, let many hear, see, and touch Him through the real human flesh of Jesus, the Son of God. He had shown us that He can embrace us, converse, walk, and even cry with us, forever. This was truly a turning point in human history for God has never revealed to human in such way.

May you all be renewed in God's word each day!

### Question     
How may we worship God the father?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Jesus said to the Samaritan woman, will you give me a drink? 

+ Everyone who drinks this water will be thirsty again, but whoever drinks the water I give them will never thirst. Indeed, the water I give them will become in them a spring of water welling up to eternal life. 

+ Jesus pointed out the woman have had five husband and the man she had was not her husband. 

+ The true worshipers will worship the Father in the Spirit and in truth, for they are the kind of worshipers the Father seeks. 

+ My food is to do the will of him who sent me and to finish his work. 

+ Jesus himself had pointed out that a prophet has no honor in his own country. 

+ Once more Jesus visited Cana in Galilee and there was a certain royal official whose son lay sick at Capernaum. Jesus said to him: "Go, your son will live." 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - Jesus said the true worshipers will worship the Father in the Spirit and in truth. How may I worship the Father in the Spirit and in truth? Have I reflected on the Spirit and truth in my heart? 
