---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 25 Day 6: Holiness of Conduct"
date: 2020-6-27 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk25-day6-daily.html
weekNum: 25
dayNum: 6
language: English
cycle: 2020
---
### Question     
What behaviors does God forbid?
{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ God told the Israelites that in order to be holy, they need to behave holy. 

+ Chapter 17 was about blood. Blood is holy. In the covenant God made with Noah, animal's meats were edible "but you must not eat meat that has its lifeblood still in it" (Genesis 9:4) "for the life of a creature is in the blood, and I have given it to you to make atonement for yourselves on the altar." (Leviticus 17:11) 

+ Chapter 18 is about adultery. Marriage is holy. "Marriage should be honored by all, and the marriage bed kept pure, for God will judge the adulterer and all the sexually immoral." (Hebrews 13:4) God warned the Israelites not to defile themselves by conforming to the unclean culture of the Canaanite in the land they were to enter. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - God said, "For the life of a creature is in the blood, and I have given it to you to make atonement for yourselves on the altar." The blood of animal can only clean a man's sins temporary. Only Jesus Christ's blood can cleanse forever. We have to atone our sins in front of God in order to receive the cleansing blood. How should I live to show my respect to Jesus' precious blood? 

+ **Community** - God established marriage and we all need to respect that and keep it holy. God warned Israelites not to conform to the Canaanites. Nowadays, marriage is currently being attacked from all fronts in the world we live in. How do I keep myself holy within my marriage and not conform to the society? 
