---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 25 Day 2: The Priests Sinned"
date: 2020-6-23 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk25-day2-daily.html
weekNum: 25
dayNum: 2
language: English
cycle: 2020
---
### Question     
How important are the responsibilities of priests in God's eyes?
{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Not long after Arron and his sons Nadab and Abihu served as high priest and priests, the two sons were killed as they did not obey God's command. The priest's responsibilities are to obey what God commands and not do anything God did not command. The holiness of God cannot be taken lightly. 

+ God's priests need to focus completely on Him. They cannot drink wine and lose self-control. This is so that they can set apart the holy from unholy, the clean from unclean, and teach the people. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - We are royal priests chosen by God. God wants us to be holy because He is holy. What does Nadab and Abihu's incident tell me about being holy? 

+ **Identity** - It must have been extremely shocking and painfully sad for Aaron that his two sons were killed on the job. Yet, Aaron "remained silent." Moses was satisfied with Aaron's explanation when he was angry with Aaron's remaining sons for not eating the sacrificial meat. This indicated Aaron's attitude was pleasing to God. Think about Aaron and what he said. What satisfied Moses? 

+ **Community** - Moses commanded Aaron's relatives and all Israelites to mourn for Nadab and Abihu while Aaron and his sons must keep proper attire and remain on the post. What should our attitude be when fellow Christians or Christian leaders have sinned? What does Moses' command remind me of? 
