---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 99 Day 3: Love in Truth"
date: 2019-12-11 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk99-day3-daily.html
weekNum: 99
dayNum: 3
language: English
---

### Question     
What is the relationship between love and truth?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Love and truth go hand in hand. Love is for the truth. 

+ To love God is to obey Gods' commands to love one another. 

+ To love one another, first walk in the truth. Do not take into your house and welcome those who do not follow the Christ. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - Often time the "love" the world talks about is not God's love. Because God's love does not go against His truth. Let me meditate on God's truth and think about what God's love is. Do I have experience with any kind of "love" that muddies the truth? This could have happened among the believers. What could have I done to "Speak the truth in love?" 

+ **Community** - Jesus commanded us to love one another. This is to love in God's love, not in human's love. There is no conflict in true love. The ministers in John's time were all travelling ministers who stayed in the household of the loving believers and were supplied by them. This kind of hospitality showed others the acknowledgment and acceptance of a particular minister. How may I acknowledge and accept the truth taught by a minister today? John also gave warning not to show hospitality to those who don't teach in truth. What does that warning remind me of? 
