---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 99 Day 1: Love One Another"
date: 2019-12-9 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk99-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 99
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Foreword     
We continue to read the book of First John. Church is a community filled with life to let all who lives in it to receive heeling. The relationship between its member brings out truthful responsibilities toward each other and active renewal of their spiritual life. However, the sin embedded in us often causes us to lose sight of hope. We ought to know that God is greater than anything, by obeying His commands shall bring us the power from Him.

Let us first build our faith on God, not on other believers or spiritual leaders. Second, we shall obey and do what Jesus does; true love comes from testifying for Christ. Lastly, follow the Holy Spirit and not people's opinions. Let Jesus live in us through the Holy Spirit. Then, we would have the vibrant and faithful life from God even as we live in the disruptive and corrupted world.

My you all be renewed each day in God's word!

### Question     
Why if we love one another, God lives in us?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Love comes from God. Everyone who loves has been born of God and knows God. 

+ This is love: not that we loved God, but that He loved us and sent His Son as an atoning sacrifice for our sins. 

+ God is love. Whoever lives in love lives in God, and God in them. 

+ We love because He first loved us. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - We are from God and have won over the spirit of the antichrist; for He who lives in us, is much greater than the world. What difficulties am I facing? Let He who lives in me be my only true help and shout out loud through Him the voice of victory! 

+ **Community** - Let us love one another, for love comes from God. 

+ **Integrity** - Love is made complete among us so that we will have confidence on the day of judgment. How does this verse encourage me and give me hope? We love because He first loved us. Think and experience God's love. Through God's love, let me try to love someone whom I don't love, today. 
