---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 38 Day 1: Full to Empty"
date: 2020-9-21 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk38-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 38
dayNum: 1
language: English
cycle: 2020
---
### Question     
What faith did Ruth display?
{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ During the age when everyone did as they fit, Elimelek fled famine with wife Naomi and two sons for he had little faith. They left Bethlehem in "full" to Moab, a land God despised. God brought suffering to them and Elimelek and his two sons died in Moab. One of the daughter-in-law left Naomi and went back to her home and the Moabite god. The other determined to stay with Naomi and God. 

+ The famous quote of Ruth, a true display of faith: "Where you go I will go, and where you stay I will stay. Your people will be my people and your God my God." Ruth became the ancestor of David, an important member in Jesus' lineage. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - Elimelek's weak faith caused him to leave the promised land into the seemingly plenty of Moab because he loved the world more than God's promise. Naomi was saddened but never complained about her suffering. She displayed great faith with her life right in front of her two Gentile daughters-in-law. Orpah could not uphold what she had started, left God and went back to the world of idols where she had come from. Ruth, envy of Naomi's God, was determined to follow Naomi and became a great testimony of faith. What do these people remind me of? Where do I stand in the journey of my life right now? 
