---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 37 Day 6: The Great Punishment"
date: 2020-9-19 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk37-day6-daily.html
weekNum: 37
dayNum: 6
language: English
cycle: 2020
---
### Question     
What was the result of Benjamites' evil and wickedness?
{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Seen such unspeakable crime committed by the Benjamites, all Israelites gathered together wanting to punish those wicked Benjamites. The Benjamites refused to give up those wicked men and sent army instead. The Benjamites killed forty thousand Israelites. After consulting with God, Israelites scored complete victory over the Benjamites and left with them only six hundred alive. 

+ Israelites realized that one of the tribes would be cut off. They began to regret and attempted to find wives for the remaining six hundred Benjamites. We can see how far the Israelites have fallen when the Book of Judges ends with "In those days Israel had no king; everyone did as they saw fit." 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - In the entire book, the Israelites inquired of the Lord in front of the ark of the covenant only once, when they were beaten by the Benjamites. Their rebellion and immorality came because they did not see God anymore. Let me not treat God, Christ Jesus, as an addition to my life, as my trophy. Rather, let me live my life centered around Him, "let us throw off everything that hinders and the sin that so easily entangles. And let us run with perseverance the race marked out for us." (Hebrews 12:1b) 
