---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 37 Day 4: A Private Shrine"
date: 2020-9-17 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk37-day4-daily.html
weekNum: 37
dayNum: 4
language: English
cycle: 2020
---
### Question     
Where did the Levite from Bethlehem become a priest?
{% include BibleLinks2020.html %}

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Israel had no King. Everyone did as they see fit. (17:6) 

+ Micah made an ephod, built a shrine, and installed his own son as priest. 

+ The young Levite from Bethlehem stayed at Micah's and became his priest. 

+ The tribe of Danite was seeking land of their own instead inheriting from what Moses and Joshua had drawn out for them when they took the idols and ephod they saw at Micah's shrine and lured the young priest as their own. 

+ The Danites attacked savagely and burned the peaceful people at Laish, took their land, changed its name to Dan, and installed Jonathan, a descendant of Moses, and his sons as their priests. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - Although Micah and his mother claimed to worship God, they did it in their own way and turned it unknowingly into idol worshiping. Let me examine myself: do I worship God with all my heart, all my soul, and all my mind? Or, do I worship in my own convenience, at a place, time, and in ways that I see fit? 

+ **Fidelity** - That young Levite did not serve at a place God had predetermined for him. Instead, following his own desires and never once consulted with God, became a priest for Micah then for the Danites. Do I humbly offer myself to God and obey His command when I serve or do I serve to satisfy my own desires and for my own benefit? 
