---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 37 Day 5: Wicked and Immoral"
date: 2020-9-18 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk37-day5-daily.html
weekNum: 37
dayNum: 5
language: English
cycle: 2020
---
### Question     
How far would the Israelites fall, being away from God?
{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ An Ephraim old man took in a Levite who was on his way home with his concubine near Gibeah in Benjamin. 

+ They met unexpectedly in this land of Benjamite by an evil act that had happened only in Sodom (Gen. 19), the city God had destroyed: some wicked men wanted to have sex with the Levite. The old man was willing to substitute his own daughter for the Levite but those wicked men refused. The Levite sent his concubine instead and she was raped overnight to death. 

+ The Levite cut up the concubine's body into pieces and sent to all areas of Israel. All who saw it were shocked and wanted to do something about it. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - It took just two generations for God's chosen people, the tribe of Benjamite, to fall from the most God obeying people who defeated Jericho to the most immoral that was comparable only to those of the Sodom. To see such a drastic change in so short a time when there's no king and everyone did as they see fit may seem surprising and yet it's an eye-opening warning for us. We might believe we are good enough that we don't feel the need for God to discipline us. But without discipline from God, we can fall easily on the slippery paths of the world. 
