---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 37 Day 1: Repay for Vow"
date: 2020-9-14 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk37-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 37
dayNum: 1
language: English
cycle: 2020
---
### Question     
What did Jephthah of lowly birth do when the Ammonites attacked?
{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Eighteen years after they turned away from God and were repressed by the Philistines and Ammonites, the Israelites repented and gotten rid of foreign gods. The Israelites needed someone to lead them when the Ammonites attacked. 

+ Jephthah the mighty warrior was driven out of the family because of his lowly birth. The elders asked him to come back to lead them in their fight against the Ammonites. 

+ Jephthah told Ammonites the three hundred years of history that God had given Israelites the land and that God will judge the dispute. King of Ammon paid no attention. 

+ Jephthah vowed to God that whoever came out to meet him first when he returned in triumph would be devoted to the Lord. Unexpectedly, his daughter, the only child came out first. However difficult, Jephthah kept his vow. 

+ The Ephraimites were going to burn down Jephthah's house because they weren't called to fight the Ammonites. Jephthah called together the men of Gilead to fight Ephraimites. Forty two thousand Ephraimites were killed. 

+ Ibzan, Elon, and Abdon became judges after Jephthah. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Community** - Despite of his lowly birth, God had an important mission for Jephthah. Are there people around me whom I look down upon? Let me respect them to give them the opportunity to see how God values them. 
