---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 36 Day 5: Commemorate the Victory"
date: 2020-9-11 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk36-day5-daily.html
weekNum: 36
dayNum: 5
language: English
cycle: 2020
---
### Question     
How was the late generations influenced by the ephod Gideon built for the victory over the Midianites?
{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Ephraimites complained because they weren't called to fight the Midianites. Gideon comforted them by being humble. 

+ Gideon and the three hundred men kept pursuing the remaining fifteen thousand Midianites. The two Midianite kings were killed and their entire army fled. 

+ Gideon punished the men of Sukkoth and Peniel for their refusal to help Gideon's men. 

+ Gideon refused to rule over the Israelites but with the Midianite gold he built an ephod which became a snare. 

+ After Gideon's death, Israelites turned away from God to worship Baals and failed to show any loyalty to Gideon's family. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - After winning the war over Midianites, Gideon did not build an altar to God but an ephod to commemorate his victory. Have I remembered to glorify God for the victories I experienced or did I steal the glory for myself? 

+ **Fidelity** - The Sukkoth and Peniel may not have believed that three hundred men could defeat fifteen thousand and thus refused to help Gideon. When choosing between the seemingly weak side of God and the seemingly strong side of the world, is my choice based on my fear in going against the popular culture? Pray and ask God to help me and strengthen my heart so that I can live out a life that pleases God.
