---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 13 Day 3: Scattered to Preach"
date: 2020-4-1 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk13-day3-daily.html
weekNum: 13
dayNum: 3
language: English
cycle: 2020
---

### Question     
What changes to the church came about from persecutions?
{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ All disciples except the apostles were scattered from Jerusalem. 

+ Philip preached in Samaria and baptized an Ethiopian eunuch. 

+ Saul on the way to Damascus hunting for disciples was met by Jesus Christ. 

+ Ananias was sent by the Holy Spirit to put his hand on Saul. Saul regained his eyesight and was converted. 

+ Saul preached to the Jews to prove Jesus is Christ. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - Philip was able to explain the scripture to the Ethiopian eunuch and baptized him for he followed the guidance of Holy Spirit. We won't hear God's calling and walk with Him if we don't give ourselves up to be close to Him and used by Him. Do I often seek for His presence? Am I willing to be a vessel of His? 

+ **Community** - Even for Saul, a person whose only goal was to wipe out the disciples, could be turned around by God and become His vessel. Pray to the Lord to open my eyes, my mind, to grant me faith to preach to those who stand in the way of truth! 

+ **Fidelity** - Ananias heard the Holy Spirit's calling and put his hand on Saul who was infamous for his persecution of the disciples. Am I willing to let the Holy Spirit lead me serve in areas I don't have the courage to? Pray to the Lord to strengthen me when I have little faith! 
