---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 18 Day 2: House of Isaac"
date: 2020-5-5 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/2020/wk18-day2-daily.html
weekNum: 18
dayNum: 2
language: English
cycle: 2020
---
### Question     
How did the chosen son continue with his life?
{% include BibleLinks2020.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The eighth segment of the family story. The House of Isaac, the chosen son of God. The birth of the two sons of Isaac and their struggle. 

+ Rebekah gave birth to twin sons for Isaac. According to God's promise, the second son Jacob was going to be stronger than the first son Esau. Jacob bought the birthright of the first born from Esau with red stew. Esau despised his birthright. Isaac stayed in Gerar of Philistine according to God's will. Isaac lied about Rebekah as his sister. Isaac was asked to leave because he had gotten too powerful. Isaac backed down from the disputes of the wells. God led him to a vast land. Philistine made treaty with Isaac. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - Although Jacob took seriously God's promise, he chose to take matter into his own hands to gain the birthright by fraudulent means and caused family tension. Am I pursuing God's promise by my own way? How should I seek blessings from God?  

+ **Community** - Jacob chose peace in the dispute of the well and God led him to a vast land. Am I facing similar situations? Can I find peaceful resolutions?  

+ **Integrity** - Isaac lied as Abraham did for his own safety. This might have been a trait passed down from father to son. Am I passing down the sinful traits to my descendants when I'm building my own family and bringing up my children? Ask God to help me repent and to purify me. 
